Add information about using GQIDMS outside GQI extension lifecycle (#6322)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/GQI_Extensions/API_Reference/GQIDMS.md

Generally, an ad hoc data source implementation will want to add a private field where it can store the `GQIDMS` object to be used later in other callbacks when columns and rows are created.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > `GQIDMS` should only be used during the lifecycle of a single GQI request. After [OnDestroy](xref:GQI_IGQIOnDestroy) is invoked, the `GQIDMS` instance for that request is cleaned up. Any in-progress or new requests sent through that instance will be cancelled.

Reviewer: For consistency because we never talk about a "request" life cycle in the docs

```suggestion
> `GQIDMS` can only be used during the lifecycle of a single extension instance. After the [OnDestroy](xref:GQI_IGQIOnDestroy) life cycle method is invoked, the `GQIDMS` object associated with the extension instance is cleaned up. Any in-progress or new requests made through that `GQIDMS` object will be cancelled.
```
